Requirement Analysis
==================
Considering same application with different App name:
         - AtlasTimeline
         - Jotatrip (jot-a-trip): a customized version of AtlasTimeline for marketing purpose
         
- Use Navagator style, not popover style or tab style
- To make simple, Event Marker will always have date (default as today), allow empty description, default category,
  allow empty address(especially when offline), 
- The time line will be a year-sectioned table. 
  The top most for the latest, bottom oldest. 
  The top one should be "Most Recent and after" - thirty days before and after 
- Initially, map should show event markers in "Most Recent and after"
  User should be albel to checkbox on year-section to show on map. Should have a reset button to clean up checkbox???)
- When long-press on map, a pin added. Click on pin will popup UnsavedAnnotation with an accessory button.
  Click on accessory button will show item editor popover and can directly click save to save the marker with all default values for simplicity
 The editor have delete, Cancel button as well
- When search in map view, result markers will show as pin with EventAnnotation
- New concept "Timeline-on-Map" (on 2013-01-18)
  User can config to show all events month/year/10-Year/100-Year/1000-year around selected one with 5 gradual color level.
  For example, if configured 10 year, then only show all events in this 10 year, centered at selected one. prior 5 years gradually on one color, past 5 years grandully on another. 
  Timeline view also section on year/10year/100year/1000year accordingly. "Month" will not affect timeline view 
    . year - timeline has no change, map will show 6 existing year colors
    . month - map will show 6 existing month color grandullay. not sure if to change timeline view to expend that yar?
    . day - map will show 6 existing day in gradulaly color, not sure if to change timeline view ...
    (NOTE: existing year means: if next event is 10 year away, also consider it to be adjacent)  
  Can have extra accessory button on annotation or automatically center the time when start event editor, or even add an extra button in event editor to center time on map)
- EventAnnotation will show:
    address if have
    date if have
    description if have
    Accessory Button -> tab it to bring up Event Editor
    Accessory button -> center timeline-on-map (or Editor will automatically do it?)
- UnsavedAnnotation basically is samilar to EventAnnotation with different color and no data/desc fields
- Tap on marker also  popup event editor
  Consider another button for center timeline on map (see timeline-on-map)
- Event Editor work flow as simple as possible: (No trip tag for simplicity and conformed to timeline concept)
        . Description (can be empty)  //no title field
        . Address: User entered when offline, or from map reverse look up or searched address and editable
        . Date (default today, may not retain last entered date)
        . have Save button, delete button, cancel button
- Timeline windows (use navigator, not popover): 
         . Sectioned in years for those years with items, the last one will be “Most Recent and after” if there is items, 
      click on year will expand to list all items in date order
         . Provide TableView search to search description and address 
         . Provide check box on section and each item for showing on map or not (no check box for events that has no lng/lat info).
         . Do not allow add event here, because this app is for event associate with location
         . tab on event will go to map view centered on this event with Event Editor open. (only have this marker)


